
                          Statistic Stack Libary

  What is it?
  -----------

	   Librbstack-sj is a statistic stack implemented based on an augmented red-black tree, 
	   in which each element contains an unsigned integer as its key currently and maintens 
	   a member to indicate how many nodes there are in a subtree. Users can issue push, 
	   pop, top and getting minimum, maximum, kth small element and current size of the stack 
	   randomly. Operations of pop, push and find kth element run with time complexity of 
	   O(logn) and others all run with time complexity of O(1). So librbstack-sj is efficient 
	   and proper to be used for dynamical statistics of stack with large amounts of elements. 

  Installation
  ------------

	 o make all or make rbstack-test or just make
	   An executable ELF file named rbstack-test and a shared object file named librbstack-sj.so 
	   will be generated. You need copy the librbstack-sj.so to /usr/lib or /lib to run 
	   rbstack-test.

     o make rbstack-test-no-lib
	   An executable ELF file named rbstack-test-no-lib will be generated, 
	   which requires no shared library.

	 o make install
	   This operation requires super privilege to copy librbstack-sj.so to /usr/lib directory.
	   Also, rbstack-test and librbstack-sj.so will be generated.

	 o make clean
	   Remove all intermediate object files and executale binaries.

  Usage
  --------

	p  push a element or several elements into statistic stack.
	o  pop top element out of stack.
	t  peek the top element of current stack.
	m  get the maximum element of current stack.
	k  get the kth small element of current stack.
	n  get the minimum element of current stack.
	d  dump the red-black tree (for debugging).
	c  clear the whole stack.
	u  show this usage.
	x  show description about this program.
	z  show the size of current stack.
	q  quit the process.

  Contacts
  --------

	   This library and test program are implemented by Sun Jian from Shenzhen, China.
	   Please contact via following methods:
	   E-mail: jacksun328@163.com;
	       QQ: 283745504
	   Wechat: jVincent328
	   Mobile: 18666883727


